[ENG-9562][docs] update rollout instructions (#23832)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/rollouts.mdx

title: Rollouts

> hideTOC: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's remove this since there'll be three sections on this page after publishing this doc.

---

import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> This feature is in Developer Preview. It's not advised to use this feature in any production environments.

> Rollouts incrementally deploy updates on a new branch to a specific channel. With rollouts, we can roll out updates from one branch to a percentage of end users and leave the remaining percentage of users on the current branch. This is useful when testing a new feature to minimize the risk of introducing bugs or other issues to our production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rollouts incrementally deploy updates on a new branch to a specific channel. With rollouts, you can roll out updates from one branch to a percentage of end users and leave the remaining percentage of users on the current branch. This is useful when testing a new feature to minimize the risk of introducing bugs or other issues to our production environment.
```

> To start a rollout, we use `npx eas-cli@latest` or ensure we have version \<TODO\> or above for `eas-cli`. Then we run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Start a rollout

To start a rollout, use `npx eas-cli@latest` or ensure you have version \<TODO\> or above for `eas-cli`. Then, run the following command:
```

- Let's add a section title here
- Let's also not forget about adding the `TODO` version before publishing this doc 😄 
- Also, as per out writing style guide, [we use second person voice and keep "we" reserved for us, that is, the Expo team](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#write-in-the-second-person). I've made these edits to follow this pattern in the rest of the document as well for consistency reasons.

<Terminal cmd={['npx eas-cli@latest channel:rollout [channel]']} />

> An interactive guide will assist us in selecting a channel, choosing a branch for the rollout, and setting the percentage of users for the rollout. To increase or decrease the rollout amount, we run the command again and choose the `Edit` option to adjust the rollout percentage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the terminal, an interactive guide will assist you in selecting a channel, choosing a branch for the rollout, and setting the percentage of users for the rollout. To increase or decrease the rollout amount, run the command again and choose the `Edit` option to adjust the rollout percentage.
```

> ### Ending a rollout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## End a rollout
```

For consistency reasons, let's use short-form verbs for section titles instead of gerunds. Also, let's use the [second level of heading here and for all section titles on this page](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#headings).

> Two methods are available to end a rollout when we choose the `End` option in the interactive guide:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two methods are available to end a rollout when you choose the `End` option in the interactive guide:
```

> - Republish and revert: This option can be used once we are confident with the update served from our new branch. By choosing this, we'll republish the update onto the old branch and revert users back to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Republish and revert:** This option can be used once you are confident with the update served from the new branch. This will publish the update again on the old branch and users will be reverted back to it.
```

> - Revert: Disregard the updates on the new branch and return users to the old branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Revert:** Choose to disregard the updates on the new branch and return users to the old branch.
```

> ### Working with rollouts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Work with rollouts
```

> - Only one branch can be rolled out on a channel at a single time.
> - To see the state of the rollout, we use the `eas channel:rollout [channel]` command.
> - When a rollout is in progress, we can publish updates to both branches by running `eas update --branch [branch]`, for example.
> - `eas update --channel [channel]` cannot be used when a rollout is in progress, since it cannot know which branch to associate the update with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only one branch can be rolled out on a channel at a single time.
- To see the state of the rollout, use the `eas channel:rollout [channel]` command.
- When a rollout is in progress, you can publish updates to both branches by running `eas update --branch [branch]`, for example.
- `eas update --channel [channel]` cannot be used when a rollout is in progress since it cannot know which branch to associate the update with.
```

I'm confused by this phrase: "... to both branches...". Is it meant to imply here both the rollout branch and the current branch? If yes, I'd change this to "... to both rollout and current branches...".

Author: i changed this to "... to both rollout and current branches...".
